# The Kingdom of Enoch

The kingdom of Enoch is the primary location of the story. It was founded by
Enoch the first, and each successive king has taken the name Enoch in honor of
him. Kings are not chosen by birth, but rather they are either named by their
predecessor or elected if no-one is named. It is traditional to name the eldest
son, but this is neither required nor particularly encouraged. Another reason
is that if the king is dethroned he loses his head (so if the kings son is
unfit he won't want to lose him).

The king is checked by the congress- a representative body consisting of a
single elected person per township. It is their responsibility to represent
their town to the king. A two thirds majority vote is required to depose the
king (who is then beheaded), but this is seldom done as no king wants to lose
their head so they strive to serve the kingdom.

The king doesn't have a palace, or many possessions, but is given the proper
amount of respect due his station. In fact the king takes a vow of poverty. All
of their possessions belong to the station of king and the senate must vote to
add anything to those. They serve the people - not the other way around. Their
possessions are enchanted so none can touch them without pain unless given
permission through a simple spell - which is temporary.

The king is head of the military and police (which is one body). Their primary
job is hiring, firing, and judging between the people and the army.

The army is not able to vote for the senate but are servants of the people as
well. Anyone who wants to join the army can do so only with the king's
blessing, but the king can only coerce someone into service with the agreement
of their senator and their senator has first say on their station.

Mayors are like kings of towns with all of their citizens being senators (Yes
they are also beheaded if they are impeached). Anyone with a grievance can
appeal to the Mayor, then the senator, then finally the king. The chain can be
jumped only in life or death situations when they are afraid for their life.
